README.md, before:

# A Password Manager for NanoS, written in Rust

A simple password manager application for NanoS, with command-line interface
similar to Unix pass.

![Demo animation](doc/demo.gif)

This application is written in Rust and C.

[Implementation details](doc/impl.md)

## Usage

The client script `nanopass.py` must be used to interact with the application
to:
- list stored passwords,
- retrieve passwords,
- insert or generate new passwords,
- update or delete passwords,
- export passwords to a JSON file,
- import passwords from a JSON file.

## Building and installing

You can build on either Windows or Linux with a simple `cargo build` or
`cargo build --release`.

You can use
[cargo-ledger](https://github.com/ledgerhq/cargo-ledger) which
builds, outputs a `hex` file and a manifest file for `ledgerctl`, and loads it
on a device in a single `cargo ledger load` command in your app directory.

## License

Licensed under Apache-2.0 license.

[Tiny-AES](https://github.com/kokke/tiny-AES-c) library is included and is under
The Unlicense.

Commit message:

Link to the chrome extension

README.md, after:

# A Password Manager for NanoS, written in Rust

A simple password manager application for NanoS, with command-line interface
similar to Unix pass.

![Demo animation](doc/demo.gif)

This application is written in Rust and C.

[Implementation details](doc/impl.md)

## Usage

The client script `nanopass.py` must be used to interact with the application
to:
- list stored passwords,
- retrieve passwords,
- insert or generate new passwords,
- update or delete passwords,
- export passwords to a JSON file,
- import passwords from a JSON file.

The application can also be used with the dedicated [chrome extension](https://github.com/LedgerHQ/nanopass-chrome-ext).

## Building and installing

You can build on either Windows or Linux with a simple `cargo build` or
`cargo build --release`.

You can use
[cargo-ledger](https://github.com/ledgerhq/cargo-ledger) which
builds, outputs a `hex` file and a manifest file for `ledgerctl`, and loads it
on a device in a single `cargo ledger load` command in your app directory.

## License

Licensed under Apache-2.0 license.

[Tiny-AES](https://github.com/kokke/tiny-AES-c) library is included and is under
The Unlicense.
